!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
AbstractBaseUser	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^from django.contrib.auth.models import AbstractBaseUser$/;"	i	language:Python
admin	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/admin.py	/^from django.contrib import admin$/;"	i	language:Python
APIView	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/views.py	/^from rest_framework.views import APIView$/;"	i	language:Python
BaseUserManager	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^from django.contrib.auth.models import BaseUserManager$/;"	i	language:Python
create_superuser	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^    def create_superuser(self, email, name, password):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UserProfileManager
create_user	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^    def create_user(self, email, name, password=None):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UserProfileManager
delete	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/views.py	/^    def delete(self, request, pk=None):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:HelloApiView
email	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^    email = models.EmailField(max_length=255, unique=True)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:UserProfile
get	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/views.py	/^    def get(self, request, format=None):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:HelloApiView
get_full_name	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^    def get_full_name(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UserProfile
get_short_name	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^    def get_short_name(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UserProfile
HelloApiView	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/views.py	/^class HelloApiView(APIView):$/;"	c	language:Python
HelloSerializer	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/serializers.py	/^class HelloSerializer(serializers.Serializer):$/;"	c	language:Python
is_active	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^    is_active = models.BooleanField(default=True)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:UserProfile
is_staff	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^    is_staff = models.BooleanField(default=False)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:UserProfile
models	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/admin.py	/^from profiles_api import models$/;"	i	language:Python
models	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^from django.db import models$/;"	i	language:Python
name	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^    name = models.CharField(max_length=255)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:UserProfile
name	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/serializers.py	/^    name = serializers.CharField(max_length=10)$/;"	v	language:Python	class:HelloSerializer
objects	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^    objects = UserProfileManager()$/;"	v	language:Python	class:UserProfile
patch	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/views.py	/^    def patch(self, request, pk=None):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:HelloApiView
path	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/urls.py	/^from django.urls import path$/;"	i	language:Python
PermissionsMixin	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^from django.contrib.auth.models import PermissionsMixin$/;"	i	language:Python
post	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/views.py	/^    def post(self, request):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:HelloApiView
put	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/views.py	/^    def put(self, request, pk=None):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:HelloApiView
REQUIRED_FIELDS	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^    REQUIRED_FIELDS = ['name']$/;"	v	language:Python	class:UserProfile
Response	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/views.py	/^from rest_framework.response import Response$/;"	i	language:Python
serializers	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/serializers.py	/^from rest_framework import serializers$/;"	i	language:Python
serializers	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/views.py	/^from profiles_api import serializers$/;"	i	language:Python
serializer_class	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/views.py	/^    serializer_class = serializers.HelloSerializer$/;"	v	language:Python	class:HelloApiView
status	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/views.py	/^from rest_framework import status$/;"	i	language:Python
urlpatterns	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/urls.py	/^urlpatterns = [$/;"	v	language:Python
USERNAME_FIELD	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^    USERNAME_FIELD = 'email'$/;"	v	language:Python	class:UserProfile
UserProfile	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^class UserProfile(AbstractBaseUser, PermissionsMixin):$/;"	c	language:Python
UserProfileManager	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^class UserProfileManager(BaseUserManager):$/;"	c	language:Python
views	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/urls.py	/^from profiles_api import views$/;"	i	language:Python
__str__	/Users/hongkuanwang/Documents/Learning/Django/profile-rest-api/profiles_api/models.py	/^    def __str__(self):$/;"	m	language:Python	class:UserProfile	file:
